Summary: 

Aside from the singleton and prototype bean scopes (discussed in chapters 2
 through 5), you can benefit from using three more bean scopes in a Spring web
app. These scopes only make sense in web apps, and that’s why we call them
web scopes:
– Request scope—Spring creates an instance of the bean for each HTTP request.
– Session scope—Spring creates an instance of the bean per HTTP session of the
client. Multiple requests from the same client can share the same instance.
– Application scope—There’s only one instance for the whole application for
that specific bean. Every request from any client can access this instance.

Spring guarantees that a request-scoped bean instance is only accessible by one
HTTP request. For this reason, you can use the instance’s attributes without
worrying about concurrency-related problems. Also, you don’t need to worry
that they might fill the app’s memory. Being they are short-lived, the instances
can be garbage-collected once the HTTP request ends.

Spring creates request-scoped bean instances for every HTTP request. This is
quite often. You preferably shouldn’t make the instance’s creation difficult by
implementing logic in the constructor or a @PostConstruct method.

Spring links a session-scoped bean instance to the HTTP session of the client.
This way, a session-scoped bean instance can be used to share data among mul-
tiple HTTP requests from the same client.

Even if from the same client, the client can send HTTP requests concurrently. If
these requests change data in the session-scoped instance, they might get into
race-condition scenarios. You need to consider such situations and either avoid
them or synchronize your code to support the concurrency.

I recommend avoiding the use of application-scoped bean instances. With appli-
cation-scoped bean instances being shared by all the web app requests, any write
operation usually needs synchronization, creating bottlenecks and dramatically
affecting the app’s performance. Moreover, these beans live in your app’s mem-
ory as long as the app itself, so they can’t be garbage-collected. A better approach
is to directly store the data in a database, as you’ll learn in chapter 11.

Both session- and application-scoped beans imply making requests less inde-
pendent. We say the application manages the state the requests need (or that
the app is stateful). A stateful app implies different architectural problems that
are best to avoid. Of course, describing these problems is beyond the purpose
of this book, but it’s a good to make you aware that it’s better to consider an
alternative.
