Summary
An application framework is a set of common software functionalities that provides a foundational structure for developing an application. A framework acts
as the skeletal support to build an application.

A framework helps you build an app more efficiently by providing functionality
that you assemble to your implementation instead of developing it yourself.
Using a framework saves you time and helps ensure there are fewer chances of
implementing buggy features.

Using a widely known framework like Spring opens a door to a large community,
which makes it more likely that others will face similar problems. You then have
an excellent opportunity to learn about how others solved something similar to
an issue you need to address, which will spare you the time of individual research.

When implementing an application, always think of all possibilities, including
not using a framework. If you decide to use one or more frameworks, take into
consideration all their alternatives. You should think about the purpose of the
framework, who else is using it (how big the community is), and for how long
it’s been on the market (maturity).

Spring is not just a framework. We often refer to Spring as “Spring framework”
to indicate the core functionalities, but Spring offers an entire ecosystem
formed of many projects used in application development. Each project is dedicated to a specific domain, and when implementing an app, you might use
more of these projects to implement the functionality you desire. The projects
of the Spring ecosystem we’ll use in this book are as follows:
    – Spring Core, which builds the foundation of Spring and provides features
    like the context, aspects, and basic data access.
    – Spring Data, which provides a high-level, comfortable-to-use set of tools to
    implement the persistence layer of your apps. You’ll find how easy it is to use
    Spring Data to work with both SQL and NoSQL databases.
    – Spring Boot, which is a project of the Spring ecosystem that helps you apply a
    “convention-over-configuration” approach.

Quite often, learning materials (like books, articles, or video tutorials) offer
examples with Spring only for backend applications. While it’s true that it’s
widespread to use Spring with backend apps, you can use Spring with other
kinds of apps as well, even in desktop applications and automation testing apps.