People use web apps more often today than they use desktop apps. For this rea-







son, you must understand how web apps work and learn to implement them.
A web app is an application the user interacts with using a web browser. A web
app has a client side and a server side where the data is processed and stored.
The client side (frontend) sends requests to the server side (backend). The
backend executes the action requested by the frontend and responds back.
Spring offers you the capability of implementing web apps. To avoid writing
many configurations, you can use Spring Boot: a Spring ecosystem project that
applies the convention-over-configuration principle providing you default con-
figurations for the capabilities your app needs.
Spring Boot also helps you more easily configure your dependencies through
the dependency starters it offers. A dependency starter is a group of dependen-
cies with comparable versions to offer your app a specific capability.
To get the HTTP requests and deliver the responses, a Java backend web app
needs a servlet container (e.g., Tomcat): software with the capability to translate
HTTP requests and responses to the Java app. With servlet containers, you
don’t need to implement the communication over the network using the HTTP
protocol.
You can easily create your web app project as a Spring Boot project, which auto-
configures a servlet container and comes with the capabilities you need to write
the use cases of your web app. Spring Boot also configures a set of components
that intercept and manage HTTP requests. These components are part of a
class design we name Spring MVC.
Because Spring Boot autoconfigures the Spring MVC components and the serv-
let container, you only need to write the HTML document containing the data
the app sends as a response and a controller class for a minimal HTTP request-
response flow action.
You use annotations to configure your controller and the controller’s actions.
To mark a class as a Spring MVC controller, use the @Controller stereotype
annotation. To assign a controller action to a specific HTTP request, use the
@RequestMapping annotation.