An aspect is simply a piece of logic the framework executes when you call specific
methods of your choice. When designing an aspect, you define the following:
** What code you want Spring to execute when you call specific methods. This is
named an aspect.
** When the app should execute this logic of the aspect (e.g., before or after the
method call, instead of the method call). This is named the advice.
** Which methods the framework needs to intercept and execute the aspect for
them. This is named a pointcut.

As in the case of the dependency injection, to use aspects you need the framework
to manage the objects for which you want to apply aspects. You’ll use the approaches
you learned in chapter 2 to add beans to the Spring context to enable the framework
to control them and apply aspects you define. 
**The bean, that declares the method, intercepted by an aspect is named the target object.

To become an aspect target, the object needs to
be a bean in the Spring context. Spring needs
to know the objects it has to manage.
@Service -> adds the bean
public class CommentService {
 public void publishComment(Comment comment) {
 // do something
 }
}
We want some logic(i.e aspect) to be executed before(or after i.e advice) each
execution of method publishComment() (i.e pointcut),
which belongs to the CommentService bean(i.e target object).

But how does Spring intercept each method call and apply the aspect logic? As discussed earlier in this section, the object needs to be a bean in the Spring context. But
because you made the object an aspect target, Spring won’t directly give you an
instance reference for the bean when you request it from the context. Instead, Spring
gives you an object that calls the aspect logic instead of the actual method. We say that
Spring gives you a proxy object instead of the real bean. You will now receive the proxy
instead of the bean anytime you get the bean from the context, either if you directly
use the getBean() method of the context or if you use DI (figure 6.3). This approach
is named weaving.