Before AOP, we detour Functional Programming.
-> In old programming languages like C, what happens is that there is everything going on inside function.
The main function calls some other helper function A and B
A calls C and D while B calls E and F../ and so on
When last function executes then program terminates.
    But with function growing in large numbers, the connecting graph could get messy.
    So we got OOP to solve this problem.

Problem Statement : What about common procedure or methods?
Object A
fn.....logMessage()....otherfn
Object B
fn.....logMessage()....otherfn
Object C
fn.....logMessage()....otherfn
-> but this isn't good design because we have to write a lot of code in each class.

The solution to this problem can be that we make a separate class as Log and make a method as logMessage() and add it as dependency in each class object, goods sound right??
But there lie some problem with this design, as listed below:
1. too many relationships to crosscutting objects.
2. code is still required in all methods.
3. can't change to call other method implementation of same kind at a single place

#Cross Cutting concern
A. Logging B. Transaction C. Security
-> these appear in lot of place even if they aren't part of business logic.

Now let's see what aspect is and how it solves this crosscutting concerns.

So what we do is remove the common methods from all the class.
Object A
fn.....//....otherfn
Object B
fn.....//....otherfn
Object C
fn.....//....otherfn

and create a separate Aspect called as LoggingAspect.
This is actually a special class with some greater privileges.

What's actually different from a simple class is that we don't refer to this object where we want to call those methods inside some other methods.
Instead, what we have is a configuration file where we mention that I want to perform certain things when this specific method is called.

The bottom line is that aspect gets their real power by "Wrapping around the methods"
Aspect Code --> Target Method --> Aspect Code

Steps in AOP
1. Write aspect code
2. Configure where aspect apply